>> Scott: Onto what we really want to
talk about now that we know events.
And we know about what's
happening on lambda.
But what we really wanted to
do was create an API, right?
We all wanna create an API with lambdas,
that's kind of what we're
all thinking about.
But eventually, when you'll get to
the point where you'll realize there's so
many things I can do with a lambda.
But the first step is always an API,
cuz that's where you're coming from.
You're coming from creating an API on a
traditional server or something like that.
And you'll mess around with it and you'll
be like, wow, actually I can do this.
And I can break this lambda out, and
I can do all this crazy, crazy stuff.
And then you get hit with performance,
you realize it was a bad idea, so
you don't do it.
[LAUGH] But what we wanna do is
we wanna start with those APIs.
So if we're still on AWS, and
this is just to show you what's happening.
There's this thing here called an API
Gateway, and it's literally a gateway for
your API.
You can think of it like a proxy in
front of whatever you want it to be.
In this case, we're gonna put it
in front of our lambda functions.
So it's gonna be responsible for
routing our HTTP events to our lambdas.
That's what this API
gateway is gonna be for.
You can come on here and
you can create one.
Remember, I told you,
we don't have to do this.
We can do it through through
a configuration file,
because creating out here is really bad.
I do not recommend it.
So we're gonna do that on.
And the event that we're
gonna be subscribing to,
if we go back to the lambda console and
we click on the lambda,
and we click on test,
we click on one of these.
The event that we're gonna subscribe
to is the API Gateway AWS Proxy event.
So let's just take a look
at this event realquick.
Pretty crazy, right?
There's a lot of stuff in here.
But the things you're gonna immediately
recognize is there's a body.
So if you do a post request, you got that.
The resource is the URL, the non-formatted
URL that someone made a request to.
And then you got all this meta information
about a request context and what identity,
IM user, IP address, and all this stuff,
what stage this lambda was in.
Of course you got headers,
any path parameters,
the method that was called,
and tons of stuff.
So this is all you would need, so
your lambda could be able
to respond to HTTP request.
This event is formatted
from the API Gateway.
So when someone issues an HTTP request
to your API Gateway, the gateway format
this object based on the incoming request
and sends it to your lambda as an event.
It does that for you.
Now there's two different
API Gateway events.
There's a proxy and then there's just
basically like forwarding, almost.
We're gonna use the proxy,
because when we use a proxy,
this gives our lambdas power to control
what the response object looks like.
Without that,
we would have to go to AWS API Gateway and
we have to use their GUI to determine
what the response would look like,
using something called velocity
templates or something like that.
It's not the fun, it's really bad,
I do not recommend doing that.
So by default,
serverless automatically uses the proxy
implementation of API Gateway.
And I don't recommend going away
from that, just stay with the proxy.
You don't even have to do anything, just
use the API Gateway and you're good to go.
If you want to do non-proxy stuff,
just don't do it.
It's not smart.
Great, any questions on that
before we get into, yes?
>> Speaker 2: So you basically got
the documentation that you need for
how to set up a request by going
through the process of creating this.
>> Scott: Exactly, yep.
>> Speaker 2: Is there
documentation elsewhere?
If I was gonna create my
own API documentation for
my consumers, I need those headers, the
way that they're formatted or whatever.
Where do I find that information
outside of this console?
>> Scott: So are you saying that,
you have an API for your consumers and
you wanna provide them documentation
of how they can access your API?
>> Speaker 2: That's right.
This is gonna be my API.
This API Gateway is gonna be what
I'm providing to my customers.
How do I,
where is documentation that I create.
Do I need to create it from that
window that you just made, or
is there other Amazon-
>> Scott: Amazon-
>> Speaker 2: Or AWS documentation I can
get that from?
>> Scott: Amazon does not have,
I guess you would call it a portal.
They don't have a documentation
portal to even offer to users, so
you're kind of screwed on that.
[LAUGH] But when it comes down to this-
>> Speaker 2: I
can fish in there, it's okay.
I can go in there, and
see what I need to have.
>> Scott: Right, but what I was gonna
say is you can change this, right?
For instance, if we look at this
API proxy, like this is the events.
Your users don't have to
send something like this.
You see what I mean?
This is not what they'll be sending.
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Scott: They won't be sending.
This is what API Gateway formats for you.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Scott: They'll just send a regular
HTTP request like they've normally done.
And the API Gateway's like, okay, cool.
>> Speaker 2: All right.
>> Scott: Based on that,
here's what the lambda gets.
Does that make sense?
>> Speaker 2: That does make sense.
>> Scott: Yeah, and
AWS API gateway is not like, yeah,
it's the one that they want you to use.
But there's other API Gateways
out there like Kong or,
I can't even, I've used so many of them.
But yeah, when they call in,
they might have lambda integrations and
then they format the events
completely different.
So it really depends on
what's calling your lambda.
It's just API Gateway, you gotta think
about it as they're the ones, API Gateway
is the tool that's calling your lambda and
not so much your user, right?
Okay.